Another bottle of '82 Lafite
The most expensive dishes in a five-star hotel
This meal is worth hundreds of thousands
The deputy supervisor needs to spend so much money, please Gu Qingqing
Is this too cheap?
Gu Qingqing, a waste who didn't even go to college
Worthy of this sentence
Let's raise a glass together
Welcome new colleagues
Hello everyone, please give me more advice in the future
Wu Qingqing
As bosses and seniors, we will toast you first
Don't you know how to respond?
Let me make a toast.
Toast, no one toasts all
Don't you even know this workplace etiquette?
I'm not a good drinker
The employer takes care of me and toasts you.
Please take care of me in the future.
Is that more like it?
Other colleagues
It's all a toast, right?
This lady spent a total of 457,000 yuan tonight
Do you want to use it?
Tonight's treat is mutual kisses
You ask him how to invite
What!